Removed reference to the Atom editor because the creators of it are s… (#747)
MicrosoftDocs/Contribute: Contribute/get-started-setup-tools.md

## Understand Markdown editors

> Markdown is a lightweight markup language used to author the content. [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) is the preferred tool for editing Markdown at Microsoft. Other markdown editing tools are available. Markdown basics and the features supported by Open Publishing Services (OPS) custom Markdown extensions, are covered in the [Markdown Reference](markdown-reference.md) article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Markdown is a lightweight markup language used to author the content. [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) is the preferred tool for editing Markdown at Microsoft. Other Markdown editing tools are available. The [Markdown Reference](markdown-reference.md) article covers Markdown basics and the features supported by Open Publishing Services (OPS) custom Markdown extensions. 
```
